So, you know, if we're doing, if we're talking on an AR site, right, there's kind of 2 areas that kind of time sucks in the AR side, you've got all these checks coming in, usually with a stub on it, and so you know who it's from, right? And then most times they'll have an order number there, but not always on the check stub, with the amounts that they're paying. And so what you have to do is you have to go and compile all this information, and then go into your system and start typing it in, right? So either the ability, depending on the system, to automatically, like, do, like, a user would, if you don't have an API, or put it into just, like, a CSV that you could say, Okay, now I've compiled this and brought it in. But it's all through pictures or scans, right? None of it is sent over electronically, typically. Sometimes you'll get a, like if they're doing a lot of ACH, you'll get a remittance that via email. So the email has information, it says the same thing. I'm paying this order, this amount. don't get a FaceTime. Huh? You don't get a, like, a paystub or anything. It's an email. It's email, right? Usually with like either a PDF or within the body, it says what it's pain. Yeah. So you get that information, and depending on your banking, you might get it from the bank too, but you almost always get it via the email. Like that one's an easy one. And then, yeah, and then you just got to apply it all. And then go back and look at like who's short paying, right? Because once someone short pays, then that kind of kicks it into the account manager and say, okay, hey, this order is short paid now. So account manager, you got to figure out what's going on. you know, why is it short paid, all that? Because now it starts to claim. Because either, say, they're not paying for the broccoli, they're not paying for the temper quarter, you know, something along those lines. And if it's not paid in full, it's got to go over to the account manager. Is that data any, at any point in time coming to OMS, like the invoice and all the payment is coming outside the system, obviously. Payment is coming outside the system. So, as a shipper, right? It's in the invoice. Good day. To Omeg. Oh, through a mess, yeah. But that's where it stops, though, mess. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And so when the, basically, the problem is you sent an invoice saying maybe $1000, what you don't know is there is no way to know if they paid like 950 or 800 or something. So you can check until you get the check. And so that's the part that, okay. That's actually a good point because we have the invoice rate IR system. So we need to way to capture the payment labor, however it's coming in. And then we need to make sure that we imagine. Do they pay, like, for example, for multiple invoices, do they send one check? Yeah. So that's that's another thing. So, but on the check, does it say? Typically, yes. Yeah. So typically on the stub, it'll it'll list the multiple invoices and the amount for each invoice. Okay, okay. So, yeah, so that will be a full breakout. So then, you know what? Okay, I'll just make sure everybody else is set up, but let them all come in. So what we need to do is then when the check comes in, we need to track that against one or more invoices that have gone through a system. And do they do the breakout? Like per invoice, like for example, there's 500,000, 2,000. So they are amazing. It's like a rogue, typically. So, you know, this usually you'll have like invoice day, the numbers, and maybe a description, maybe not, and an amount. Right? And the amounts on the stub all add up to the total. Total of the check. Yeah, yeah. And a lot of themes, they'll they'll do it where they scan all the checks into like a document so they have copy of it. Copy, something, yeah. Right. That's of the ones that come in to be a paper. Or, like, a lot of companies will use, like, a box box, too. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So then you get a PDF. Same thing as a scan on the chair. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay, so what are the different sources that you're getting your checks from? So you said lockbox, email? Blockbox, email, if it's a ACH notification. ACHEL. Or mail. All mail. Mail. So we would, we would have to think about the fact that the data may be coming from multiple sources. And we need to think about how... You'll always have physical and electronics, so it's always too... So you'll always have another problem. You always have two. If, like, uh, we have a log box, but every now and then, checks come in on some of the options. Okay. So we have three. Yeah. So, so, so that's, that's, that's good. And then we need to make sure that we are taking the data from our invoice data. Oh, and also the thing is, do all your orders go through ever? So different sources? No, lots of different sources. I mean, Yeah. We've got about 25% of our revenue. Hmm, yeah. Border count... Right. I don't know exactly how to order count, about 25% of our revenue goes through our mess. And then we also have we have to deal with procurement, right? We've got retail leak. We've got Kroger's system, which I forgot what they're called. I was also going through YMS, no? They have their own, though, that we have the, OMX. It's not on, it's because broken water uses women, so that's why... Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have other things we got to do, though. So, so the main thing to think about it is we need a way to consolidate information to 2 X. We need a way to consolidate all the invoices irrespective of which system we're getting it from, whether it's from our system or any other system that they're dealing with, then we need a way to get data from all the paychecks, or not paychecks, sorry, like all the checks that are coming in. Voice recording app? Yes, we got. Yes. All the checks that are coming in, and then we will need a way for something to sit in the middle that goes. These are the invoices. These are the checks. cross-matching them. cross-matching them. 80% of them, no problem. 20% have problems. Yeah, like we have a dinner warehouse where all the information's stored for invoice side. Yeah, that's easy. But then it's a matter of, okay, now get all these checks in. I always open invoices, where do the checks go? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I understand. Oh, so you already have a system that's consolidating all your invoices? That's your ERP system. Uh, it's from our ERP system. Let's check it. Yeah. So, from what I understand, you already have a single source of data that has all the invoices. But your checks come from three, 4 different sources. Yeah, all external. External. Now, do you want, like, former solution for you, does it look like you, I don't have to touch anything? There's a system that just tells me, or for, like, to understand, like, because since there are different sources, right? We have to connect with all these sources. If we want to, we combine them into one single quarter. I would, I mean, usually it's pretty easy to, like, forward an email, right? So it's like, oh, ACH comes in, I just forward it to check processing at oceans, right? Okay. ACH notice comes in for you. Lock box always comes in for it. If I have a whole bunch of paper checks, you gotta deal with them a little bit, right? Either, depending on the number of them, scan them, goes to my inbox, right? Forward it. And it's constantly just processing, you know, that. Okay, so given we have limited time, for the scope of this small IPOC, we want to build up, is it, do you think your perfect solution could do something like you for, there's an email address, you forward all your checks to it, and when you log into like a system, it'll show you that these checks and these inverses match up. That, is that, is that a good solution? And then also a matchup. But what I would also mock up from a design for us, for the markup would be, say 80% of the checks match up. The 20% didn't match up, and then what he wants to know, he wants to handle the exceptions. He doesn't want to handle this one of them, right? Yeah, like if it's if it's, like, painful or short fit. Short pit, yeah, right? So he wants to know which was overpaid. Which of us? But things that are out of the norm. So he wants a list of, he's like, he wants to see a 100 checks came in. 80 of them matched no problem. 15 were underpaid, 5 were overpaid. Out of the 15, these are the specific customers who are underpaid by what amount and for which specific invoice of people. He wants that level of detail because then he can pick up the phone and call them and go like, what happens? Yeah, because then I don't have to worry about the other 80. I've only got to worry about this. So I've essentially cut my time down by by 80%. Yeah. Okay. Actually, it's an awesome use case for, for ours and music system, because we leave with the invoices anyway. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then there's like, there's so on the board ahead, that's the AR side. The AP side is a paper invoice comes in. What is my ear? P say is due on this invoice. If it matches, process through, no, no big deal. So then you have to pay out the money. I have to pay out money. Yeah. Similar concept. just saying, oh, this PDF, I'm looking at it, yeah, matches this pending payable. Right, payable, yeah. Now, okay, it matches, it's proof for payment. I just release it at that point, from my, you know, automate ERP. So that's the other big one that we're looking for. Okay, is that basically that. It's the flip. So the other one is a flip, but we don't have to probably target it for the acathon, but what he's saying is one case, you're getting money from your customer. In some cases, you have to pay money out to the supplier. On the same, same.